Add send data from Jaeger and Zipkin (#1014)
timescale/docs: promscale/visualize-data/grafana.md

> # Connect Promscale and Grafana
> 
> To connect Grafana with Promscale, you should have Grafana running. If you do not have Grafana installed, follow the [Grafana installation docs][grafana-install].
> 
> This section shows you how to connect Promscale as a Prometheus, Jaeger and PostgreSQL data sources in
> [Grafana][grafana-homepage].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Connect Promscale and Grafana
This section shows you how to connect Promscale as a Prometheus, Jaeger, 
or PostgreSQL data source in [Grafana][grafana-homepage].

To connect Grafana with Promscale, you must have Grafana running. If you 
do not have Grafana installed, follow the 
[Grafana installation documentation][grafana-install].

```

<procedure>

> ## Promscale as Prometheus datasource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Promscale as a Prometheus data source
```

Reviewer 2: This is getting resolved when we merge the PR and resolve conflicts  (i.e. this has been fixed in another PR)

1.  Navigate to `Configuration → Data Sources → Add data source → Prometheus`.
1.  Configure the data source settings:
    *   In the `Name` field, type `Promscale-metrics`.
    *   In the `URL` field, type `http://<PROMSCALE-IP-ADDR>:9201`, using the IP
        address of your Promscale instance.
    *   Use the default values for all other settings.

</procedure>

> When you have configured Promscale as a Prometheus data source in Grafana, you can create panels that are populated with data using PromQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have configured Promscale as a Prometheus data source in 
Grafana, you can create panels that are populated with data using PromQL:
```

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/images/misc/getting-started-with-promscale-grafana-dashboard.png" alt="Sample output for PromQl query"/>

<procedure>

> ## Promscale as Jaeger datasource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Promscale as a Jaeger data source
```

1.  Navigate to `Configuration → Data Sources → Add data source → Jaeger`.
1.  Configure the data source settings:
    *   In the `Name` field, type `Promscale-traces`.
    *   In the `URL` field, type `http://<PROMSCALE-IP-ADDR>:9201`, using the IP
        address of your Promscale instance.
    *   Use the default values for all other settings.

</procedure>

> You can now filter and view traces stored in Promscale using Grafana. To visualize your traces, go to the “Explore” section of Grafana. You will be taken to the traces filtering panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now filter and view traces stored in Promscale using 
Grafana. To visualize your traces, go to the `Explore` section 
of Grafana, to the traces filtering panel.
```

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/images/misc/grafana-jaeger-query-results.png" alt="Sample output for Jaeger query filter in Grafana"/>

<procedure>

## Configuring Promscale as a PostgreSQL data source

1.  Navigate to `Configuration → Data Sources → Add data source → PostgreSQL`.
1.  Configure the data source settings:
    *   In the `Name` field, type `Promscale-SQL`.
    *   In the Host field, type `<host>:<port>`, where host and port need to be 
        obtained from the service url you copied when you created the Timescale cloud service. The format of that url is `postgresql://[user[:password]@][host][:port][/dbname][?param1=value1&...]`
    *   In the `Database` field, type the dbname from the service url.
    *   In the `User` and `Password` fields, type the user and password from the service.
    *   Change the `TLS/SSL Mode` to `require`. By default, the service URL requires TLS mode.
    *   Change the `TLS/SSL Method` file system path.
    *   Use the default values for all other settings.
    *   In the PostgreSQL details section, enable the TimescaleDB option.

</procedure>

> You can now create panels that use Promscale as a PostgreSQL data source, using SQL queries to feed the chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now create panels that use Promscale as a PostgreSQL data source, using SQL queries to feed the chart:
```

# Connect Promscale and Grafana

To connect Grafana with Promscale, you should have Grafana running. If you do not have Grafana installed, follow the [Grafana installation docs][grafana-install].

This section shows you how to connect Promscale as a Prometheus, Jaeger and PostgreSQL data sources in
[Grafana][grafana-homepage].

<procedure>

## Promscale as Prometheus datasource

1.  Navigate to `Configuration → Data Sources → Add data source → Prometheus`.
1.  Configure the data source settings:
    *   In the `Name` field, type `Promscale-metrics`.
    *   In the `URL` field, type `http://<PROMSCALE-IP-ADDR>:9201`, using the IP
        address of your Promscale instance.
    *   Use the default values for all other settings.

</procedure>

> Once you have configured Promscale as a Prometheus data source in Grafana, you can create panels that are populated with data using PromQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have configured Promscale as a Prometheus data source in Grafana, you can create panels that are populated with data using PromQL
```

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/images/misc/getting-started-with-promscale-grafana-dashboard.png" alt="Sample output for PromQl query"/>

<procedure>

## Promscale as Jaeger datasource

1.  Navigate to `Configuration → Data Sources → Add data source → Jaeger`.
1.  Configure the data source settings:
    *   In the `Name` field, type `Promscale-traces`.
    *   In the `URL` field, type `http://<PROMSCALE-IP-ADDR>:9201`, using the IP
        address of your Promscale instance.
    *   Use the default values for all other settings.

</procedure>

You can now filter and view traces stored in Promscale using Grafana. To visualize your traces, go to the “Explore” section of Grafana. You will be taken to the traces filtering panel.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/images/misc/grafana-jaeger-query-results.png" alt="Sample output for Jaeger query filter in Grafana"/>

<procedure>

> ## Promscale as PostgreSQL datasource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Promscale as a PostgreSQL data source
```

1.  Navigate to `Configuration → Data Sources → Add data source → PostgreSQL`.
1.  Configure the data source settings:

>     *   In the `Name` field, type `Promscale-SQL`.
>     *   In the Host field, type `<host>:<port>`, where host and port need to be 
>         obtained from the service url you copied when you created the Timescale cloud service. The format of that url is `postgresql://[user[:password]@][host][:port][/dbname][?param1=value1&...]`
>     *   In the `Database` field, type the dbname from the service url.
>     *   In the User and Password fields, type the user and password from the service.
>     *   Change the `TLS/SSL Mode` to require as the service url by default contains 
>         the TLS mode as required.
>     *   Change the `TLS/SSL Method` File system path.
>     *   Use the default values for all other settings.
>     *   In the PostgreSQL details section enable the TimescaleDB option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   In the `Name` field, type `Promscale-SQL`.
    *   In the Host field, type `<host>:<port>`, where host and port need to be 
        obtained from the service url you copied when you created the Timescale cloud service. The format of that url is `postgresql://[user[:password]@][host][:port][/dbname][?param1=value1&...]`
    *   In the `Database` field, type the dbname from the service url.
    *   In the `User` and `Password` fields, type the user and password from the service.
    *   Change the `TLS/SSL Mode` to `require`. By default, the service URL requires TLS mode.
    *   Change the `TLS/SSL Method` file system path.
    *   Use the default values for all other settings.
    *   In the PostgreSQL details section, enable the TimescaleDB option.
```
